feat(styles): create blockquote component (#3882)
swisspost/design-system: .changeset/twenty-items-drum.md

> ---
> '@swisspost/design-system-documentation': minor
> '@swisspost/design-system-styles': minor
> ---
> 
> implement blockquote component

Reviewer: The blockquote is not a new component, you updated the existing one therefore this is a patch.

```suggestion
---
'@swisspost/design-system-documentation': patch
'@swisspost/design-system-styles': patch
---

Updated the blockquote styles to match the new Post design.
```
